
# Final Project Conclusion
For my data recovery final project I found that it was extremely hard. A lot harder than what I imagine it would be. The reason for this is because I was unaware that it was significantly harder to run the program that I was referred to by a fellow classmate FTK or Forensics tool kit. I soon found out that the friend 62 kit was extremely easy to download and find but after reading through the guide and several other problems arose after installing program and trying to run. 
Those problems consisted of constant errors not finding the server needed to run the program which I still do not understand what that means. To even not having enough hard drive space and having to wipe my computer for I have downloaded previous offer up where that was conflicting with it. If I had to do this project over again I would probly do more in aspect of using a different operating system. For I was using windows and I was referred to use the Cali operating system. It is another Linux based operating system but supposedly it would run better with FTK. After doing some more research I soon found out the my computer does not have enough memory or capacity to hold the program or run it. I was ill prepared for the extents That this endeavor would put on me.
 If I had to recommend anything to anyone about using FTK they would be. One to use the Linux operating system Cali. Then from there bake sure you have enough space to download Elise 250 gigs worth. The reason for such a big hard drive is for you have to download python FTK program and other multitude of things such as the actual operating system. This may seem an excess but it is for redundancy. The final tip I would probly take away is use or least read over the how to install guide or find someone with prior experience in using this program. 4 hours refers to all this by a prior user of program. I will probly continue trying to use FTK and my in the next few years put as at the moment I cannot use it anymore for I around the time for using their quipment and also I do not have the proper computer for it.    

Place to Download FTK: https://accessdata.com/product-download/forensic-toolkit-ftk-version-6.4

Place to Download Kali Linux: https://www.kali.org/downloads/
